What do you get when hot and cool join forces?
Hot eats!
Cool treats!
You want it all, it's all here at Dairy Queen.
It's hot!
All kinds of burgers, hot dogs, chicken and fish sandwiches.
It's cool!
Plus all kinds of soft-serve and yogurt treats you can't get anywhere else.
It's the one place to be when you want more than one thing to eat.
Come to Dairy Queen at these convenient locations in Hasbro Heights, Haskell, Oakland, Paramus and Ringwood.
Jesus Horus Rex knows it's out there!
Somewhere in the vicinity of Kraft Macaroni and Cheese.
To the left.
No, the right of Kraft Singles.
In fact, of all those packs of handy-snacks, it's Herbert Mogenberg!
No, it's the Kraft Treasure Trunk!
Yes, the Kraft Treasure Trunk!
There's fabulous dolls, monstrous trunks and more!
You can get details and treasure points on Kraft Singles.
Handysnacks are Kraft Macaroni and Cheese.
So put on your thinking caps, plan your attack, because the Kraft Treasure Trunk is out there!
Making Barbie clothes is fun to do!
With tie and dye, I'll make the hottest styles, color swirls in wild designs.
Look what I made!
That's cool!
And with my fashion decorator, I can make her clothes really fine.
Cool!
I'll put on stars, it's what I like.
Now Barbie looks too spied!
Making Barbie clothes is fun to do!
Barbie tie and dye fashion and fashion decorator sold separately.
Dolls and batteries not included, dye dries overnight.
When it comes to great taste in Ego Waffles, nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long time rival, B.J. Armstrong.
Dan knows B.J. loves that gold in Ego Christmas.
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious Ego taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Hey!
Say I go my Ego!
Ego Waffles, the part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun to let go.
Look, you hear this?
Time has come.
The big orange couch is in place.
So hop on!
And tonight, Nick Snicks with your hosts, Pete and Pete.
Hi, I'm Pete. This is my brother, Pete.
And we were wondering, since Clarissa is so good at explaining things,
maybe she could help us solve one of life's greatest mysteries.
How many pounds are there in a bucket?
Let the snicking begin as Clarissa explains it all next on Snick.
I almost have enough of these cereal box tops saved up to get a...
genuine plastic cow mug.
Just another 13,000 of these and I can trade them in for something I actually want.
As the illustrious wordsmith Samuel Johnson once said,
Or was it the guy in the white suit on Fantasy Island?
Life is a progress from want to want.
Personally, I think this whole idea of wanting stuff can be categorized into your four basic want groups.
Okay, number one, wanting something you know you'll never get.
And the brand new car goes to lucky-winning ticket number 5281990.
And there's basic want number two.
Watching something you only think you want until you get it.
Like the time I just had to have one of those twisty curls.
Insert hair section A through loop B and presto.
Next, basic want number three.
Wanting something you never, ever, ever thought you'd want.
Voila!
Escagot du Dali.
Escagot? Yuck.
Like the time Dad took a French cooking class and made us all eat his final exam.
Moi? Who'da thunk?
But finally we come to that rarest basic want group of all.
Wanting something you've always wanted and actually getting it.
Well, today I'm getting a taste of basic want group number four
and I didn't even have to save zero box tops for it
because I've just landed my dream job.
Clarissa Darling, editor in chief.
Watch out everybody, the school newspaper is in my hands.
Now here is something we can use.
An espresso maker for the car?
Yeah, plugs right into the cigarette lighter.
That way you never have to worry about falling asleep at the wheel again.
I don't think so, Marshall.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, look at this, look at this, huh?
A portable, waterproof chest set.
It's for the pool? Yeah.
We don't have a pool?
I could use it in the bathtub.
You always take showers. Oh, right, right.
Oh, Clarissa, congratulations.
Yeah, sport, this is really exciting.
Thanks, I know, but how do you know? I was just gonna tell you.
Ah, news travels fast. Your journalism advisor called.
Mr. McGuffey.
He said that you're the youngest editor of the school paper ever.
That is quite an honor.
When I was in high school, I edited a paper myself.
I don't remember that. Oh, yeah.
Kind of an underground thing called Dig This.
My buddy Eric and I, we thought it uproaded, edited ourselves.
Just never got around to typing it.
Very underground.
The Thomas Tupper Times is definitely above ground.
I want to make the next issue the best ever.
You know, I'd be happy to help you with the design elements.
I see a whole new look for you, sport.
More color, a slicker logo.
I think I'll go work up a few ideas.
Dad, you really don't have to do that.
No, no, don't be silly. I'd love to be of help.
Just think, you know, watching you following in the footsteps of
Johann Gutenberg and Ben Franklin and Rupert Murdoch.
He can get carried away.
Let me know if I can do anything.
Thanks, Mom.
Hiya, Chief.
Chief?
I need to talk about my next assignment, Chief.
I'm gonna need a lot more space for this one.
Oh, let's say about 10,000 words.
And, uh, I think at this point a portrait above my byline would be appropriate.
You mean a warning label.
I'm gonna help you put this paper on the map.
Look, Ferguson, I know you've been reviewing movies for the paper.
Uh, I prefer to think of them as films.
And I don't review by critique.
Okay, okay, I hate to admit it, but your writing is pretty good.
Pretty good? It's pre-pulitzer.
Yeah, very pre-pulitzer.
Well, lucky for you, I'm not hiring on the basis of personality.
Just don't bug me.
Speaking of bugs, I plan to give complete coverage of an important cultural event.
Giant insects and mutant chillers.
A retrospective of the films of Turner B. Gerhardt.
Who?
Only the king of catastrophe, Carnage and Cleavage.
Plus, I'll get press passes to all my favorite flicks.
I guess bad movies do have their appeal.
Okay, it sounds amusing, but you're not getting any more space than usual.
Washington Post, the New York Times, the Hack and Sack Herald.
You know what'd be great?
Ink that doesn't come off on your hands.
I mean, great paper should leave their mark.
This is ridiculous.
In the meantime, I guess these'll do.
Well, so much for research.
Now I just have to get through this slush pile.
All these submissions, suddenly everyone I know is a writer.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa. Working on the paper?
Yeah, I've been looking for ideas.
So what'd you think of mine?
You submitted an idea.
Yeah, you're gonna love it.
Tell it to me, Sam.
Music reviews.
Music reviews? What's so new about music reviews?
Alternative music, music reviews.
Alternative music is a way to make the paper cutting edge.
I like it. Thanks, Sam. I'll put it on my list.
Wait, that's not the whole idea.
Well, what's the rest?
Me.
You?
I'll write the reviews.
You will?
I love those groups. I feel that sound.
I know you have a great ear, Sam,
but I didn't know you really wanted to write.
I don't, but I could.
With you as my editor, it'll be fun.
Sam, it might not be fun. It might be hard work.
Clarissa, my dad's a sports writer, remember?
Journalism isn't my blood.
Well, you know, I'm gonna have to be totally objective on everyone's work.
Absolutely.
And you can't get extensions on deadlines
like in Mrs. Stilwappel's class.
Of course not. A true journalist thrives on deadlines.
Well, then...
Okay, we'll give it a shot.
Excellent.
Oh, and would you mind putting my byline in four-inch caps?
Sam.
Just kidding.
Why is it starting to seem like being a responsible journalist
means being responsible for finding work for everyone I know?
Hi, Clarissa.
Hi, Dad.
Do you have a rough day at the office, Port?
If you mean rough, as in grueling, annoying, absolutely exhausting.
Yes.
Well, you're the boss.
Yeah, well, being the boss isn't all it's cracked up to be.
Well, Clarissa, you're just gonna have to get tough, that's all.
I mean, people who respect a boss who's decisive, who's demanding,
you know, who's willing to lay down the law will know that I do.
But you don't have a boss.
Of course I do. Me.
You know, if I'm not hard on myself, who will be?
Oh, Marshall, you told me to tell you to get back to work at Quarter Pass.
So get back to work.
All right, thanks.
You think the boss has to be tough and demanding?
Well, as long as she's also open-minded and willing to listen.
That sounds good.
It's just weird to have to say no to people I know.
Of course saying no to some people is easy.
Clarissa?
No.
I haven't even asked yet.
You've been asking all day, all night, all over the place,
and the answer is still no.
No to your own private editorial page, no to your own private office,
no to a self-interview with hot young film critic Ferguson W. Dirling.
Pressure getting to you, sis?
No, just you.
Actually, I had in mind an interview with one of the cinema's greatest greats.
I happened to have an in with a film legend.
Really? Scorsese, Spielberg, Fellini?
Mm-hmm, even better.
I managed to get access to Turner B. Gerhard.
And let me tell you, the man has a lot to say about mutant cheerleaders
and giant insects.
Since when did the king of splatter become a film legend?
Since I, Ferguson W. Dirling, film aficionado extraordinaire,
decided to make him one.
I promise you, chief, my piece will be groundbreaking.
Yeah, well, I'm gonna break something else if you don't stop calling me chief.
I'll get it.
Uh, pizza for Clarissa, darling?
Sorry, I didn't order a pizza.
Congratulations to our neighborhood school's newest editor-in-chief.
I haven't tried Pat's pizza. You're in for a feast.
So go ahead and give this free pizza a chew.
There's more from where that came from once you give us a review.
Give me a bread. Tell Pat I don't accept free food.
Buddy's welcome to buy it, Ed.
Wait. Thanks anyway.
I know temptation is the root of bad bosses,
but do they have to throw pizza with extra cheese and pepperoni into the equation?
Those tough decisions keep getting tougher.
Okay, I've read through Sam's review once, twice, three times you were out,
and it's really, well, not good.
I mean, it's not just the bad grammar, the incorrect punctuation, the awkward syntax.
I mean, I guess I could correct all that,
but it's riddled with cliches as the cliche goes.
Now, here's a music review by one Leonard K. Adnoyd.
It's clear, it's sharp, and Lenny is the biggest, not to mention,
most boring jerk around.
I guess some people talk better than they write, and some people write better than they talk.
So I've got to figure out a way to talk to Sam.
I mean, what am I supposed to do?
Buy her my best friend?
Sam, hi.
Hi, Clarissa.
So?
So, buttons.
So what'd you think?
Think?
Of my review.
I really tried to capture the sound of the smashing pumpkins.
Oh, yeah, I can tell.
I want the reader to hear the music through my words.
X-R-N-M-M-N-A-H?
Xenorama!
Cool, huh?
I think that word really gives you a feel for the lyrics and the guitar rest.
Must've been rough on your computer spell check.
So what'd you think about the lead?
Uh, the sound of silence cannot compare to the sound of the smashing pumpkins,
which is anything but silent.
In fact, it's not silent at all.
It's loud, and I turned it way up to bring this review to you fellow listeners
or, in this case, readers.
Does it grab you?
Definitely grab something.
Thanks, Clarissa.
I knew I wouldn't let you down.
I'm gonna go tell my dad he's not the only newsman in the family.
I'm really glad you like it.
Hold it. Did I say like?
I don't think I said like.
You mean you don't like it?
Well...
Well what?
It's... well it's...
What do you think it stinks?
I wouldn't say stinks, exactly.
Well, you might as well have.
Well, we'll have to work on it, Sam.
Thanks a lot. I poured my heart and soul into that review.
Maybe it's not perfect.
Maybe I made up a few words.
Misspelled a few.
Who said I was a great speller?
Incomplete sentences, poor syntax.
Okay, okay, let's just forget it.
Well, Sam, I said we could work on it.
Great.
The quickest way to lose your friends is to become their editor.
And it started off so well.
Legendary comments topper times.
Full beginnings as a cub reporter soon catapulted her to the role of Empress of Newsprint.
Defeat.
Unable to meet the constant demands of those she employed,
Darling soon lost her grasp on all for which she had once cared.
Seldom visited, never photographed.
The once great editor paid a price.
Cost?
No man can say.
Whoa, stop the presses.
I better revise the situation fast before it all goes up in smoke.
More Clarissa.
More Snake. After this.
Those Dan loves that delicious ego taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him.
Ego Waffles.
The part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun when they go.
Looking for this?
Okay, class pop quiz.
Question number one, you want to buy a video game system?
Super NES gives you four free games.
Sega gives you no free games. Which do you choose?
Uh...
Number two, Farmer Brown is four.
Check with the Tray for a video game system.
Super NES gives him four free games.
Which should Farmer Brown choose?
Number three.
Buy any Super NES system and for 350 postage,
we'll send you Super Mario All-Stars.
That's four games free.
Now who would miss an offer like that?
Could you repeat the question?
Look, it's Jeff Armstrong.
He's eating apple jacks.
He's cool.
We'll see.
I'll look out and see if he's white.
Hi Jeff.
Hi Elise.
Call me stupid, but if you named it Applejack, shouldn't it taste like...
Apple?
Stupid.
That isn't why it tastes so good.
Well then, no dolls. Why?
They just do.
Yeah.
Kill example jacks is part of his complete breakfast.
I don't know what she sees in here.
We eat what we like.
If you want more movies for less money, it's time for you to see stars.
Stars is the bright new movie service,
now available with Encore for just $4.95 a month,
or $4.75 a month on its own.
Call 405-8222 between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m.
during the day.
Call 405-8222 on its own.
It's giving me ideas I can't use.
I just don't think the Thomas Tupper Tyes is ready
for a 3-D Glow in the Dark Scratch and Sniff logo.
On the other hand, is anyone ready for Ferguson the filmmaker?
He's turned the bathroom into his private special effects studio.
I guess even George Lucas had to start somewhere,
and I've spent hours trying to turn Sam's review
into something the paper can print,
but after I got through editing it, there was only one word left.
And I finally decided on my subject for my editorial, teen runaways.
Now, if only I could find some time to write it.
Too bad I can't give myself an extension on that deadline.
Um, I noticed that in all of your films,
Anguirus, Werders and Kulats figured very prominently.
That's very astute.
Thank you.
Um, well, could you elaborate on the Kulat motif?
I prefer to leave the deeper meaning ambiguous.
Ah, wise.
A whole new batch of catalogs.
Hey, look at this.
A self-inverting aerobics machine.
Experienced the healthy benefits of hanging it upside down.
How can we get off these manless and think of those poor trees?
Ah, well then you will love this home paper recycling milk.
Oh, that's brilliant.
Who are you?
Dad, this is Turner B Gerhard.
I'm sure you've heard of him.
No.
Well, no doubt you're familiar with my...
Oof.
What oof is that?
It's films or classics, Dad.
I'm writing the definitive interview.
Bloody brilliant boy, Ferguson.
To think he comes from such hearty, simple start.
Well, it was nice to meet you, Mr. Gerhard.
Come on, Marshall.
You can find a place for that recycler out back.
Your parents are so... so real.
Hmm, thank you.
Aren't they, though?
We're very big on reality here.
Hello, Chief.
My subject and I were just doing a little bit of fine tuning
on the in-depth profile.
It's brilliant.
Bloody brilliant.
Your brother is just...
Well, he's bloody brilliant.
That's all.
Ferguson showed you the piece?
Finally, a film scholar who grasped the importance
of a breakthrough film with Chef Wally.
Well, TBG, let's get back to work.
Yes, we just need to, uh, punch up these quotes en pur.
Ferguson, can I talk to you un moment?
Absolument, Chief.
You see, TBG, I know un peu des Français.
Bloody trivia.
Ferguson, what is he doing here?
Oh, he just wanted to look over the interview
before it went to press.
Ferguson, that is completely unethical.
You don't show your subject in an article
before it's published, especially a review.
But he's made some really good revisions.
Besides, he's not just my subject.
He's, well, he's...
What, Ferguson?
Well, you know, I'm writing a little PR
for him while he's in town.
What?
Do the words journalistic integrity
mean anything to you?
I'm just doing it as a favor.
Gerhard's agreed to introduce me to Hollywood.
He thinks my reel is brilliant.
Bloody brilliant.
Well, that's not the only thing
that'll be bloody if you don't get rid of him.
Now, whatever you say, Chief.
I was just having un petit conference
with my editor.
Fergie, she's...
she's quite lovely, your sister.
My mind is racing.
Beautiful young editor.
Battles giant alien insect
while wearing angora coulants.
What do you think?
Brain dead.
Bloody brain dead.
I'll get it.
Don't worry, I've got...
Does anybody live here but me?
Our pizza is good.
And you really should.
Try it.
In fact, it's great.
So go ahead and write about what you ate.
Not again.
Look, I already told Pats.
I can't accept freebies.
Pats, I'm from Peppies.
Well, tell Peppie he's welcome
to put the poem in an ad.
Wait.
Thanks, that should do it.
Hey, if Hillary Rodham Clinton
can send back all those free designer dresses
I guess I can live with giving up a few free pizzas.
A thousand thanks, maestro.
It's bloody fantastic working with a true cinematic genius.
Ferg, my son, it's a bloody brilliant screenplay.
And with that brilliant special effects reel of yours
I can see no reason why you can't co-direct it
under my wing.
What screenplay, Ferguson?
The cockroach that ate New York for breakfast.
Just a little something I've been working up on this side.
I already see the sequel.
The water bug that ate L.A. for lunch.
Don't they do lunch in L.A.?
Oh, yes.
That's very funny, Ferguson.
Bloody funny.
Well, so long, my brilliant aficionado.
You will be at my Meet the Fans video signing, won't you?
How could your biggest fan miss it?
Biggest fool is more like it.
Don't be jealous, sis.
I'll give you a cameo.
You could be the giant cockroach's first victim.
Ferguson, I can't publish your article.
You have to write a genuine interview, not a puff piece.
Then I'll save it for my book.
Turner B. Gerhard, the authorized bio.
You can't just cop out on me. I've allotted space for it.
Sorry, sis. Hollywood calls.
I think I'll have a spot of tea
while working on my shooting draft.
Oh, by the way, good luck with your little journalism project.
I'd love to flatten Ferguson to the ground.
I know you can't run away from your problems,
but why can't you run over them with a ten-ton truck?
So I guess it's time for the Thomas Tupper Times to be put to bed,
and I don't mean under the covers.
I mean, the paper is ready to go to press.
Almost.
First, I thought I'd take a shot at reworking Sam's review.
The bad news? It's not a pretty picture.
But there's good news.
On the back of Sam's review, it's worth a thousand words.
It'll be the first cartoon you've ever run.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Thanks for coming over.
No problem. I'm glad you called.
Listen, about the review, I'm sorry I overreacted.
I understand, Sam. You worked hard in that review,
and I should have been more clear.
Oh, I got the message.
No, I mean more specific.
I was really planning to help you rewrite it.
That's okay. You don't need to.
Everything all finished, ready to print.
You wrote another review?
No, it's the one I took back.
Hey, this is Leonard's review. I was wondering where that went.
I took it by mistake.
Wow, he's a good writer.
Who'd have thought a nerdy little guy like Leonard?
He's been doing it a lot longer.
It shows. Look, Clarissa.
We both know the truth is I can't write.
When the writing is in bubbles above people's heads,
you're really good.
His panels are so funny.
My cartoons?
I just did those for fun.
Nice title, though. Who thought of that?
Look, Sam, the paper could use a good cartoonist.
You like the one with the guy buying the t-shirts?
Yeah, I think it's great.
Really? You're not just saying that?
No way. I'm speaking not only as a friend,
but as an editor.
This is so cool.
Clarissa, what do you want?
I'm here to submit my Gerhardt profile.
Sorry, there's no room left in the paper for an in-depth profile.
Oh, that's okay.
That hack-o-matic doesn't really deserve a profile.
Just a simple review that rips the lid off
his nonexistent production values
and total lack of technique.
Why the sudden change of heart, Ferguson?
Do you realize that schlockmeister
had the nerve to use my reel
to illustrate amateurish effects
versus so-called spectacular effects?
Whatever happened, Ferguson,
you can't let a personal vendetta
bias your article.
I won't. I promise.
I just think I have a better handle on his...
oof.
You do?
Yeah, I've seen the future of Gerhardt movies
and its name is Strictive Video.
Sounds like a lead to me.
Clarissa, pizza's here.
We'll be right down.
Who is it this time? Hats, pepies, pockos?
Actually, it's all of them. Want to help me eat it?
No way. You buckled?
Yeah, what happened to journalistic integrity?
Well, all that pizza got me thinking.
With all these competing pizza places around,
wouldn't it be a service to our readers
to do a brand-blind taste test and write them in the paper?
Wow, that sounds fair.
Oh, it's fair and loving pizza.
I think Shakespeare said that. Oh, it was a pet.
A pet pee. A bock-o.
I just love this job.
What a great table, Clarissa.
Yeah, looks real good.
I think the first issue went over really well.
Thanks for the new logo, Dad.
Ah, sure, Sport. You know, but I still think
a pop-up hologram would work.
You know, this editorial on Runaways is really good.
I'll see if I can get the children's museum
to find a way to help.
That'd be great. It's cool to think journalism can make a difference.
Well, congratulations, Sport.
It looks like you made the paper everything you wanted it to be.
Well, Dad, I've come to believe
that sometimes getting what you want
can be a lot of work.
But it's worth it.
Clarissa explains it all was taped in Nickelodeon Studios
at Universal Studios, Florida.
TLC next Saturday.
Snick.
Casein' is where we kids find all the tasty ingredients
for Dan and Sprinkles.
Creamy yogurt with rainbow sprinkles.
Now, let's move on to the fruits of our labor.
Up there is the cherry picker.
Here, strawberries and immense hit.
And strawberry banana was such a peel.
But what makes Sprinkles rain supreme?
Um, roll us up.
Sprinkle!
You can make the wildest taste you've ever put in your face.
Dan and Sprinkles deal a yogurt snack
of a Sprinkles pack.
When it comes to great taste in Eggo Waffles,
nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long-time rival,
BJ Armstrong.
Dan knows BJ loves that gold in Eggo Christmas.
BJ knows Dan loves that delicious Eggo taste.
Only thing they didn't know was
how much Marty Dawson loves them.
Hey!
Eggo Waffles.
The part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun
in Eggo.
Looking for this?
If Saturday night Nickelodeon is snack,
then would Friday night Nickelodeon be
Fnick?
Definitely.
Fnick.
Gross. You spit on me.
If kids like me were running the world,
I'd finally have my own room
and no one but my friends would be allowed to come in
because I'd have a special lock put on my door.
I'll have a super advanced chemistry set
that I'll use to fix the ozone layer
that happens to your head when you eat ice cream too fast.
And when I'm having a Big Mac attack,
I'll just go downstairs
because I'm having a Mickey D's bit on the back of our house.
Then me and my friends could act totally goofy
whenever we want.
Jonathan Edward Moore, pipe down
or you'll be sent to your room.
Excellent.
Hey, it can happen.
Presenting Keds Looney Tunes sneakers.
We cap with the purchase of Keds Looney Tunes sneakers.
Keds Looney Tunes sneakers.
Tonight, Nick Snicks with your hosts, Pete and Pete.
The rabbit gopher.
The tongue flexor tsunami.
The deadly nasal nuke.
Once you've learned these lethal Pete weapons,
you too can destroy your loved ones in a staring contest.
But as you're about to find out,
me and Pete learned this.
The hard one.
Brace yourself for the impact when Pete's collide.
It's Pete versus Pete next on Snick.
Let the staring begin.
Snick.
What makes someone your best friend?
I think it's that you laugh at the same things.
You stand by each other no matter what.
And sometimes when you're together,
you look at each other and you just know.
Everything is perfect.
Some people think you can't be best friends
with your little brother.
But with us it's easy.
I guess we just have the same Pete way of looking at things.
Ours was the kind of best friendship
that seemed like it was built to last forever.
How was I to know that a ten-pound bowling ball
was about to roll into our lives
and destroy everything we stood for?
Some say it was just a ball.
But to my dad,
it was a dual rotating pressure
torqued hunk of engineering perfection.
When it hit the slats,
the sound of thunder shook the lanes.
And so it got the name...
Rolling Thunder.
I think my dad was more proud of his bowling ball
than he was of me and Pete.
But then one day,
my dad's fingers got too big to fit inside its sacred holes.
He worked out like crazy to try and get them back into shape,
but it was no use.
I guess he could have drilled the holes wider,
but that would have ruined its delicate calibration.
Finally, he realized what he had to do.
The time had come to pass the ball down to the next generation,
and that's how it all started.
What if you could be rich forever?
But you had to go to the bathroom through your nose.
Once a day?
Yeah.
I'd do it.
What if you could get your driver's license now?
But for six months,
you'd have a trout head.
I already got one.
How'd you do that?
Hey, Pete, Pete, come here.
We both wondered what dad was doing home on his bowling night,
but then we had an even bigger surprise.
Some say he possessed the secrets of the universe.
All we knew for sure was
he used to fix dishwashers for a living.
He was our dad's dad.
Our grandfather.
I missed you.
Because he lived so far away,
he only came by once a year,
so he knew something big was up.
Your father has something to tell you.
That is after he takes the gum out of his mug.
I'm not chewing gum.
Dad was never that happy to see grandpa.
I guess because he always got treated like a kid.
It was pretty awful to watch.
Okay, Sponky.
Boys, as you know,
your mother is the love of my life.
But what you might not know is I also love another.
Her name is Rolling Thunder.
How touching.
Some people say she's just a ball,
but she's more.
She's a friend, a teacher.
She can pull you out of the eighth frame doldrums
and smash through pins like lightning.
But, as you know, I've outroan her.
Cut to the chase, squirmy.
It's a wriggly tradition to pass her down from father to son.
That's why your grandfather's here to assist in a ceremony.
It's time to give her to one of you.
As she was given to me,
the question is which one of you
shall be called the chosen one?
That's okay. Pete can have it.
Give it to charity.
Are you gonna be around a while, Grandpa?
Looks like I'll have to be.
Later that night, me and Pete were having a staring contest.
Pete delivered his deadly nose flex lip quiver combo,
outlawed in three states,
and I was history.
Yes!
That's when we heard it.
I wonder if we can have a little talk.
Do you know the story of Rowling Plunder?
It was a gift to my father,
from a Tibetan holy man,
whose dishwasher I once fixed.
But Rowling said to have certain powers.
Powerful good.
You don't believe me?
It's perfect proportion,
and it seems almost weightless.
Try it. Like a feather, no?
Engineering miracle.
Power that can only be harnessed by a reggae.
It must be passed on.
And it must stay in the family.
Good night.
I changed my mind. Can I have the ball?
Too late! It's mine!
I'm the oldest. I should get it.
I'm prepared to write you a check.
Uh, no, no.
The one who gets Rowling Plunder
has to prove to me that he has the qualities
that make a wriggly... a wriggly...
things like honor, valor, courage,
and good hygiene.
Translated from dad's speak,
that meant whoever sucked up to him
the most would get the ball.
It was humiliating, but...
I'll do that.
And so the battle for the ball had begun.
Dad had been after me to clean the garage
since I was five,
so I figured the ball was practically mine.
But while I was sweeping it up,
Dad was soaking it up.
Pete had made a technicolor tribute to...
Dad, a man of vision.
Dad, a man of strength.
Yes, few mortal men have the coordination,
the determination,
and the overall niceness of Dad.
Aw, Pete.
It was going to be a long battle.
Well, good night, buddy.
Sleep tight, pal.
I guess Artie could feel the disturbance
in the cosmic wind,
because the next morning,
the strongest man in the world
stood vigilant watch over our house.
Meanwhile, with his father around,
Dad was subject to surprise inspections
and the loss of his hard-earned adult privileges.
Tempor.
Pete and I had done more sucking up in two days
than we had in our entire lives.
The fact was, we were still tied.
It was time for one of us to try something big.
That night, I was coming home
five minutes after bedtime,
when suddenly, I was busted.
Pete had nabbed me in a violation
of house ordinance number 215,
so much for a friendly contest.
That's how you want to play it?
This is...
Snick means Saturday night, and that means...
The weekend's half over.
The weekend's half left.
Half over.
Half left.
From Walt Disney Pictures
to Henry Casey, White Fang was a loyal friend.
Come on, boy!
To a proud people, he was the key to an ancient prophecy.
My dream hold of the wolf that would lead us.
White Wolf!
Together, they must save a sacred homeland.
I'm warning you. Don't go back up that mountain.
And bring the legend to life.
Got him! White Fang!
White Fang 2.
Myth of the White Wolf.
Reddit PJ starts Friday, April 15th.
When it comes to great taste in Eggo Waffles,
nobody likes them more than Dan Marley.
Except maybe his long time rival,
BJ Armstrong.
Dan knows BJ loves that gold in Eggo Christmas.
BJ knows Dan loves that delicious Eggo taste.
Only thing they didn't know was...
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Hey!
Eggo my Eggo!
The part of a good breakfast is just too much fun in Eggo.
Looking for this?
Is that a hit?
You're at your mother's cousin and feeling twice removed.
What?
Since Twix gives you chewy caramel,
twice milk chocolate, twice,
and that cookie crunch twice,
you get one great snack.
After another.
Tonight, when you watch Snick,
know that Pete is watching you watch Snick.
Fair warning.
Made you blink.
Honest Abe Lincoln once said,
a house divided against itself cannot stand.
I'll bet his dad was a bowler too.
It's hard to believe that our friendship
was ending over a piece of molten rock.
But the battle lines were drawn.
Pete took his half of the bunk
and moved to the basement.
We were no longer talking.
Any messages we had, we sent through Ellen.
We even had a system
so we didn't have to see each other at meals.
Don, you have got to put a stop to this.
It's gone too far.
Maybe she's right, Dad.
Maybe she is.
And maybe she...
Even with Artie guarding the house,
the whole thing felt out of control.
Careful, boy, careful.
There are unfavorable omens in the air.
You finished painting your dad's room yet?
I couldn't.
Pete wall-papered it last night and put down carpet.
Ellen, this is insane.
We even talked in two weeks.
We've never gone that long without talking.
War is ugly, Pete.
But he's my best friend.
I feel funny saying this,
but maybe your best friendship wasn't meant to last forever.
Friends do grow apart sometimes.
And you are four years older.
Think about it.
Your brothers.
How many brothers do you know who are best friends?
And so the war raged on.
My brother, one of the greatest natural generals ever born,
began a full frontal assault.
Pete says he's responsible,
but last year he broke the hall vase.
Pete says he loves his parents,
but he didn't buy their anniversary card.
So he left it and for the algebra final,
Pete had to borrow notes,
broke the vase, signed the card,
borrowed notes.
You need someone you can trust with your bowling ball.
Give it to Pete.
He deserves it.
Paid for by the committee to compete the bowling ball.
If I was going to win,
I'd have to beat him at his own game.
Issue one.
Dad's bowling ball.
Who deserves the celebrated sphere item?
Young Pete toppled the Asian bond market.
Item.
Young Pete's science project caused spontaneous baldness
across the Texas Panhandle.
Item.
Young Pete accidentally drained Lake Superior.
His response?
No comment!
No comment, grunge bag?
Not good enough.
Exit question. Who gets the ball?
Young Pete? Wrong.
Answer. Older Pete.
Bye-bye.
Not good enough.
She wasn't going to let our family fall apart
over a bowling ball.
Honey, uh...
Something wrong?
See, my mom had a metal plate in her head
from an accident she had when she was a kid,
and they both knew it would attract
every lightning bolt for miles.
Come inside, right now!
Not until you stop this war!
I can't.
He won't let me.
If you don't stand up to your father,
I'm going to blow myself to kingdom come.
Dad had no choice.
Maybe he didn't have the guts to face his dad,
but he got another idea.
Later that night,
he snuck rolling thunder from the house
and ran four hours
to the Canadian Borger.
Go on.
I'm not going to let you down.
Canadian Borger?
Go on. What are you waiting for?
You're free.
You took it!
Maybe it was stolen.
I thought I heard a noise last night.
Spunky.
Have you done something?
No.
I know that look.
You've done something.
Tell Papa.
What difference does it make?
It's gone.
Now we can get back to normal.
But we all knew
things would never be
normal again.
And that's when we heard it.
Rolling thunder.
No one knew how it got back,
but one thing was certain.
We had to settle this thing once
and for all.
Sometimes the only way
to stop a war is to fight
the bloodiest battle ever.
A battle so gruesome there can only be
one undisputed winner.
Me and Pete were going to stare.
And one and two.
Not only were the stakes
higher than any other staring contest,
but the only way to lose
was to smile,
and neither of us felt like smiling.
Must destroy.
Pete.
Artie understood the contest
could go on for weeks,
even years.
So he decided to come to our rescue.
You know what I've come for,
grand puppy?
Ball!
Out with it, old man.
You'll be sorry.
Disrupt their families?
Get her lover.
Legless dog.
This!
The battle went on for hours.
The ball was the fiercest
foe Artie had ever tangled with.
And in the end,
the strong man went down.
Foolish man.
Brave.
But foolish.
With Artie defeated,
nothing could stop us
from the madness of the final showdown.
Two Pete's
would enter that room.
Only one
would come out.
It's not too late to stop.
Quit stalling, Chunderhead.
Make me laugh.
And so it began.
At first,
we just stood there, probing each other
for weaknesses.
Then suddenly,
Pete attacked with a barrage
of face twitches and tongue swirls
that normally would have obliterated me.
But I was ready.
And came right back
with the Wisconsin ear wiggle
I picked up last summer in Sheboygan.
I caught him off guard,
but he didn't crack a smile.
The battle was raging.
Meanwhile,
my dad was fighting his own battle.
It started when Grandpa
brought out cookies and milk.
Maybe we should go up there.
No. I forbid it.
The ball must be passed on.
Nothing can stop it.
Drink that.
It's milk.
The contest slogged on
for hour after brutal hour.
The way it was going,
maybe it would last the rest of our lives.
It was insane.
It was inhuman.
Without warning,
both of us unleashed everything we had.
While we faced off against each other,
Dad finally got up the nerve
to face off against his dad.
Who ate all the cookies?
You know what sugar does to your teeth?
Come on out with it. Who did it?
You want to know who ate the cookies?
You want to know? I'll tell you.
I ate the cookies.
And you want to know what else?
I didn't finish my milk.
What do you think of that?
Spunky.
My name is not spunky.
My name is
this is my house
and my wife and my kids
are out of here.
This war is over.
But it wasn't.
Me and Pete were locked in a death stare
that nothing could break.
As the intensity increased,
I started to hallucinate.
And I know he was going
through the same thing.
Pete! Pete!
Open the door!
I didn't know how much longer we could take him.
But then, something happened.
I was able to see Pete again
for what he really was.
And I realized,
after all those hours,
I wasn't staring at my enemy.
I was staring at my best friend.
I guess Pete felt the same way.
And finally,
the sheer stupidity of what we were doing
got to us.
The battle for the ball
was over.
I, uh,
I was wrong
to interfere with your family.
And it spunk
um,
dad.
I'm afraid I used
the power of the ball
for evil.
Instead of good.
Well, I don't know about that, dad.
It did have the power
to show you that your son
had grown up.
Maybe you'd like to stay around a while
and get to know him.
Huh?
Soon after that,
things pretty much got back to normal.
Pete moved back in
and somehow,
our bed was stronger than ever.
Dad was free to avail himself
of all the privileges of adulthood,
including drinking non-milk beverages.
And as for rolling thunder,
now that no one desired it anymore,
it had lost most of its evil power.
Even so,
we didn't want to take any chances.
So after Grandpa taught Artie
how to toss it with a sacred
Tibetan power jam,
it was time to say goodbye.
We never knew where rolling
thunder went,
or if it would ever come back.
But one thing was certain.
We had learned our lesson.
And next time,
if it ever returned,
be ready.
Tonight, when you watch Snick,
be aware that Pete is watching you watch Snick.
Or at least he's trying.
All I can see is a camera.
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Hey! Zanko my ego!
Ego waffles.
The part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun,
you'll let go.
Looking for this?
Everyone knows, in this world, it's us versus them.
So let's see which side to have.
Alright, they've got this, this,
uh-oh, these guys, this thing,
that, and we've got bubble tape.
They got this, whatever, this, uh-huh,
that stuff. Okay, this and ouch.
And we've got more bubble tape.
This, this. Put down that.
One of those. Hello!
Yeah, and that!
And we've got lots and lots of bubble tape.
It's the way I see it.
That's what's us, six chocolate feet ahead.
When you think.
Bubble tape. It's six feet of gum for you, not them.
Tonight,
Snick Snick with your hosts, Pete and Pete.
Hi, I'm Pete and this is my brother Pete.
And you're officially one hour into Snick.
Do you know where your parents are?
Wherever they are, leave them there.
Loveable Lower Mammals, Ren and Stimpy in an all-new episode.
We always know where our mom is because of the metal plate in her head.
Uh-oh, gotta go. Mommalert.
Sick.
What kind of nonsense are you up to now?
Phoebe!
Are you playing with your belly button again?
Yeah, Ren. It's fun. Listen!
You'd better quit that.
What if someone should see you?
Don't be silly, Ren.
Hey, check this out!
Look, man, I'm warning you!
I saw this kind of thing in the 60s.
You could go insane!
Or worse!
Uh-huh-huh.
That's so...
What do you think you're doing?
Didn't I tell you not to play with your dead-blasted belly button?
And didn't I say you'd go insane if you can't?
This is my last warning!
You're playing with fire, and you're going to get burned!
Pinsah!
If you climb in sa!
Mystery!
Day glow, bubble gum, pork chop,
Lilaq, lady.
We'll go down in mystery.
Pine-in-sci!
In sci-pic wa!
A gang, Big Pan Henry drinks his plungers.
Henry B?
This man, Snowflake.
Rubber man bouncing down,
Down to Mushroom gravy highway
Climb inside my world
Plastic world
T-Bag pierogi
Parsley panda has a pepperoni pocket comb
Pike bag dripped with lasagna
Meatloaf monkey drives a moonbeam motor home
Climb inside
Plastic world
Hello
Gary the belly button elf
Imperson
Wow, I am truly dilapidated to make your acquaintance
Believe me, the honor is all yours
Thanks
You seem to be about a 42 fat
My very own lint mini skirt
Dare you play close, Stippy?
You and me are gonna have lots of fun
By the way, do you know how to unplug a toilet?
Stippy, how about some breakfast?
I could really go for some of your famous steamed lard
Stippy? Stippy?
Oh, I warned you
Why? Why didn't he listen?
Why?
My dearest friend
He reduced to a fleshy knob
Stippy, be a good boy
And after you finish mowing the lint
Could you wash the lint
And iron the lint
And maybe pickle it from the lint
And oh, don't forget to wash the lint
Right away, Your Majesty, sir
For I eat a toast to you, my house boy
My man Friday
You came into the emptiness
That was your belly button
And you filled it with the love
And the joy and the thing
And as we all know
An elf without a love
And the joy and the thing
Is no elf at all
And so a toast to you
Stippy
And this lovely meal of
Lintlof
Lint paint, Lintlof
What's cooking, dead beets?
Sorry, I'm late
Tough show today
Everyone say hi to my new wife
Bimby
And if anyone
You look kinda cranky, Jerry
Maybe you cranky cause you missed your dinner
If you want I could, uh, throw that Lintlof in the microwave
Lint!
Jerry, you look different
Stimpy, are you embarrassing me
In front of our friends this way?
Come on now, get out of there and help serve drinks
Sorry, Ren, this is all my fault
That's okay, pal
If the giant crazy pork chop doesn't kill us
I'll kill you
Thanks, buddy
Ben
Well, I guess that's it
Where's that clam dip?
Nice going fish
Next time, bring it up for everyone
Smooth move, dope
Come on, Bunny, let's blow this pop stand
Right behind you
I'll be out warming up the car, babe
Ren, Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages
There are only two things to do on Saturday nights
You can chew your own lint
Or you could Snick
So don't miss next week's Snick Pick
The premiere of all that Nickelodeon's
Wild New Comedy Show with special guest TLC
Next Saturday
Snick
Bunny and I were mixing up some quick
When magically we're on the spaceship
Of the terrible Chocolatron
He's taking yours chocolate
Uh-oh
Some quickal changes program
It's chocolatey quick
Nasty quick, it's magic in the making
When it comes to great taste in ego waffles
Nobody likes them more than Dan Marley
Except maybe his long time rival, B.J. Armstrong
Dan knows B.J. loves that golden ego Christmas
B.J. knows Dan loves that delicious ego taste
Only thing they didn't know was
How much Marty Dawson loves him?
Ego waffles
The part of a good breakfast that's just too much fun to let go
Looking for this?
I am totally bored
Okay, somebody get the fruits
She's got the apple jacks
Yes!
What are you dweebs doing?
They're beeswax
You like that stuff?
We love it
It's called apple jacks, you know
Really?
And it doesn't taste like apple
That isn't why we like it anyway
Really?
Then why?
None of your beeswax
Yeah!
Calix apple jack cereal is part of this complete breakfast
We eat what we like
Okay class pop quiz
Question number one
You want to buy a video game system?
Super NES gives you four free games
Sega gives you no free games
Which do you choose?
Number two
Farmer Brown is four
Check us to trade for a video game system
Super NES gives him four free games
Sega no free games
Which should Farmer Brown choose?
Number three
Buy any Super NES system
And for 350 postage
We'll send you Super Mario All Stars
That's four games free
Now who would miss an offer like that?
Could you repeat the question?
To Victor this isn't just a drawing
It's a cry for help
Listen to the children
Learn to protect them from drugs and violence
Call now
And take a bite out of crime
All across the country
Thousands of people like the ones
At the Second Harvest Affiliated Food Bank
Have joined in the heroic struggle
To put an end to the needless hunger
That affects so many men, women
And especially children
And on April 24th between 3 and 4.30pm
You can join these heroes for hunger
By dropping off canned food donations
At participating fast food restaurants
In your area
Just look for this sign
And get generously as you join
The people at Second Harvest
As a hero in the fight against hunger
And now
Back to the glow of the Renan Stimpy Show
Stimpy
We've been crawling through this desert
For months
We shall surely perish
Oh my poor
To continue on like this
Pulling yourself through the desert
I'll drag you
You see what I see?
You tell me what you see
Well
I see
Uh
It looks like
A road
What else?
Oh yeah
Right
That's what I see
A road
Ha ha ha
Stimpy
We're saved
Hey Ren
Look
An RV is coming our way
Do you mind telling me exactly what an RV is?
Why Ren?
There are homes away from home
The good life on wheels
Just smooth sailing
It's the American dream come true
Hmm
Stimpy
I know how to get us on that dream machine
Okay, here's the plan
You hide on the road
And pretend you were hit by a car
Well
Now try to look squished
That's it
Now Twitch should think you're still alive
And I'll stand here
Where it's safe
Convincing Twitch and Ren
A dog
That's three this week
Oh look honey
They're still alive
Ah shoot
Guess we'll have to bring them in
Careful honey
They're true, they're all the messy ones
There you go
I just loved watching Twitch
You guys look haggard
Turn around
Let's get a look at you
Lordy
Would you look at that sunburn
Tsk tsk
Well you're in luck
Here's an old folk remedy
That'll fix you right up
Blood sucking sand snails
Ooo
And you look like you could use
A nice refreshing shower
Hey
What kind of cockamamie shower is this?
It's got no knobs
Don't worry
I'll turn on the water
That sounds refreshing
I think I'll join you
Well
How would you boys like a tour of your new home?
Over here we have
A complete kitchenette and breakfast nook
A country style half-bap and topiary garden
An on-premises butcher shop
A deli counter
A complete beauty parlor and nail salon
And no RV is really complete without a
Archery range
Wow
Look at the time
I'm Starve
Who wants lunch?
Yes, Suri Bob
There's nothing like a good old motor home cooked meal
What's cooking ma?
Well first
We have hot buttered beef
And meat on the cob
Delicious
A fresh tossed giblet salad
And for dessert
A beautiful head cheese parfait
Through a much man
Here you go boys and gorge
Wait honey
Our little friends are still too sunstroke to eat solid foods
What they need is
A tall frosty glass of
Skunk milk
There you go
Nice Marcy
Here you go boys
Drink up
Ran
Why haven't you touched your skunk milk?
It's so nice and stinky
I'm not gonna drink it
Because I don't like it
How do you know you don't like it?
Did you try it?
No
They can keep the stinky old milk
Ran
For shame
These kind people have brought us into their motor home
And this is how you thank them?
Oh well
You do what you want to
After all it was your idea to come on to the RV
Alright
I'll drink the stupid milk
If you'll just shut up
That's a good boy
Well
All done
You know after din din it's time for all pets to go outside
Walkies, walkies
I think they really want to go out
Nice doggy
Everybody's asleep except me
Wait
If everyone's asleep
Then who's driving the RV?
Hey
What's with all the whining?
Honey
I think the animals need to go out and do their business
How'd you go?
We don't want anyone wetting the bed now do we?
The jokes are on them
I already wet the bed
Pete and Peter are coming right back with one more for you tonight
A brand new Are You Afraid of the Dark
Then next Saturday get ready to snick with Clarissa
When she shows you Nick's wild new comedy show called All That
And more
So make sure you're here to snick with Clarissa next week
Snick means Saturday night and that means
The weekend's half over
The weekend's half left
Half over
Half left
Half the
Forget the mumbo jumbo
Plain talk and good use cars come from Buick of Westwood
Buick of Westwood offers a 1 year 12,000 mile warranty
on all premium used cars
At Buick of Westwood you're treated like a new car owner
Free loaner cars, Saturday service, and service while you wait
Buick of Westwood
a different kind of dealership.
Hal Summers, Mr. Morgan.
Golf date, of course I remember the golf date.
It's tomorrow.
Hal forgot the golf date with his boss,
which means he forgot to buy new clubs, shoes, and golf
wear.
No need to worry.
He went to New York Golf.
Their knowledgeable staff found him everything he needed.
Well, Hal still can't putt.
And that's just fine with his boss.
Great match.
Now let's talk about that promotion.
New York Golf.
We're here when you need us.
If you don't, you have to jump off late.
What do you need to be the best?
Starter.
It's not that simple.
It just doesn't happen.
It takes a lot of work.
Discipline.
Dedication.
There's a lot of things that come into play.
You have to push yourself.
Day after day.
3,000 sit-ups.
30,000 shots.
Fly balls are extra bad in practice.
And that's what it takes.
To get better and better.
When you cross the finish line.
It's a great feeling.
Home play, that's it.
A victory lap.
It was such a dream.
That was the ultimate.
Starter.
What do you need to be the best?
Everything you got.
It's up to you.
We're a part of the future.
We're the heart of a song.
Tonight, Nick Snicks with your hosts, Pete and Pete.
Are you afraid of the dark?
Don't be such a wuss.
In the dark, the demons of the night come to feast upon your bones.
Hit me with your best shot, boogie man.
Be afraid, Snick viewers.
Be very afraid.
Because are you afraid of the dark is next on Snick?
Lights out.
I'm going to cut right to it.
I want to go out with you next Friday.
Do you want to go out with me?
Do I have anything to say about this?
Sure, you could say, uh, what time?
I'm not getting in the middle of this.
What are you doing?
Gary's my servant for a week.
Down boy.
Why?
I need a deal.
Don't ask.
I found a poem, he wrote.
Tucker?
A poem?
I promised not to show it to anybody
if he'd be my servant for a week.
Enough, you little spud.
One more word and the deal's off.
No sweat.
Hurry up and tell your story.
I've got some dirty socks that you've got to wash.
I've got a special story tonight.
There's an old saying, what goes around comes around.
In my story, a kid finds out that no matter what you do,
good or bad, it always comes back at you.
It's great if you do something nice,
but if you do something rotten, watch out.
It's coming back.
And probably, when you least expect it,
submit it for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story, the Tale of the Grims and Clown.
Mike was a pretty average kid who worked a paper route.
It was the day before his mother's birthday,
and he managed to save $70 to buy her a gift.
Come on, we've got to get to the store before it closes.
Go yourself, I'm watching something.
Sam, it's mom's birthday tomorrow.
We have to get her a present together.
Let's go.
Go where?
Um, skating.
Skating, just for a little while.
Yeah, wouldn't want to get too chilly skating, would we?
Keep your eye on your brother and be home at six.
OK, skates.
I guess we'll need these, won't we?
Skating.
Sorry, here, I'll get the door.
Have a nice day.
Bye.
What a bunch of crud.
Don't find anything here.
Sam.
I'm going to the toy store.
I'm supposed to watch you.
No sweat, watch me leave.
Sam, we've got to get mom's present.
No, you've got to get mom's present.
I'm out of here.
Forget it.
It's too late and up.
I'm only going next door.
We'll just go next door, all right?
And don't leave till I come get you.
Yes, ma'am.
100 bucks.
All right.
Um, yeah.
Um, I'm looking for a birthday gift for my mom.
I see.
Well, my friend, how much are you willing to spend?
Um, 70, $70.
Let me see now.
Oh, yeah.
How about this little prize?
It's perfect.
Sam, what do you think?
Sam?
It's OK.
I'll take it.
How much is it?
For you, $50.
All right.
Is there a problem?
Um, well, my money's gone.
Well, I must have left it at home.
I'm sure I brought it.
I see.
Maybe another time.
Sam, have you seen my money?
Sam, where did you get this?
The toy store.
With what money?
My birthday money.
You spent that on a bike.
I had some left over.
No, you didn't.
You spent it all.
You stole my money.
Let's consider it a loan.
Sam, that money was for mom's birthday gift.
It was all I had.
Oh, well, too late now.
No, it's not.
We're getting it back.
Do we just return something?
Oh, well, guess it, Mr. Chance.
No, I didn't.
Come on.
Can I pay you tomorrow?
I swear, please, it's my mom's birthday.
Sorry.
Come back when you got the money.
Does this mean we can go home now?
Do you know what happens to bad kids?
I mean really bad kids like you.
No, why don't you tell me?
Whenever you get snotty with somebody,
whenever you hurt someone, whenever you're selfish
or insult somebody.
Yeah, yeah, I better not pout.
I better not shout, because Santa Claus is coming to town.
Sam, whenever you're bad, and that means when you steal,
Crimson Clown is watching you.
Ooh.
Watch out, Sam, or it'll get you.
Ooh, I'm scared.
Don't believe me?
You'll see.
Now we're late, and mom's going to be tipped.
Well, who cares?
You should, because of you.
We don't have a gift for her.
Just put some cash in a car.
She'll be happy.
You stole my cash, remember?
Why don't you ask your pal to Crimson Clown?
Come on, let's go.
Tell mom we'll be right down.
Yeah, whatever.
Where have you been?
Look at the time.
Where's Michael?
Um, upstairs.
I told you to be back at six.
I'm sorry, mom.
I wanted to come home.
But Mike said he wanted to see his friends,
and I didn't care how late we'd be.
Oh, is that right?
Well, we'll just see about that.
Michael, get down here right now.
You know what?
Why are you so late?
And what's this I hear about you not caring what time
you get home, especially when you
have your little brother to look after?
I mean, how many times do I have to tell you this?
You have to do your homework.
You have to have a bath.
We haven't even had dinner.
I've been telling you this kind of thing
since you were five years old.
Now, listen, I have to be able to count on you.
You're the man of the house.
I want to go.
Look at me, young man, when I talk to you.
Now, I want you to get up in your room,
and I don't want to hear one word out of you
until dinner's on the table.
Is that clear?
Yeah.
supper will be ready soon.
Wash up.
OK.
Are you OK?
Sure, mom.
Just met up, Mike, forgetting you so upset.
Don't worry about it.
Let's go.
Very funny.
Dinner's ready.
Don't make mom any madder than she already is.
Afraid of the dark?
Stay in the glow of the couch, and stay tuned.
There are only two things to do on Saturday nights.
You can chew your own lint.
Or you can sneak.
So don't miss next week's sneak pick,
the premiere of all that Nickelodeon's
wild new comedy show with special guest TLC,
next Saturday.
Sneak.
Gentlemen, the toughest thing a manager has to do
is trade a player.
Trade?
He's got to weigh past performance
against future potential.
And always think of the good of the team.
Kirby, you're an incredible player.
But one of you has to go.
Ah, skip.
Official Major League Baseball cards
from Don Russ, Fleer, Score, and Upper Deck
make all your favorite players come alive.
There you went, Phil.
Hey, Kirby.
Didn't I pass you on the way in?
When it comes to great taste in ego waffles,
nobody likes them more than Dan Marley,
except maybe his longtime rival, BJ Armstrong.
Dan knows BJ loves that golden ego Christmas.
BJ knows Dan loves that delicious ego taste,
only thing they didn't know was how much Marty Dawson loves him.
Ego waffles, the part of a good breakfast that's
just too much fun to let go.
Looking for this?
Now, the sneaking begins again.
With are you afraid of the dark?
Mike.
All right.
Can I watch TV?
Sure, honey.
No, no.
Put a hand it.
Came out.
Are you staring at turd face?
All right, Sam, it's time for bed.
Can I stay up a little bit longer?
Yeah, Mom.
He could watch a really scary horror movie.
Sam would love that.
That's OK.
Wimp.
I'm not, you overgrown dirtbag.
Whoa, keep it up, and that crimson clown will get you.
Cut it out with this stupid clown stuff.
I know what you're doing, and I'm not scared.
What's wrong with him?
I don't know.
We're at the store.
I shrank, and he was being a pain.
So I told him if he keeps on being bad,
a crimson clown will get him.
Mike.
I didn't even think he was listening.
He never listens to anybody.
Just give him a break, sweetie.
He's still little.
Yeah, a little jerk.
You're the jerk, Mike.
You geek.
Now what?
Nothing.
I had to sleep, or mom will kill you.
What do you care?
Hey, Sam, that's stuff I said about the clown.
It isn't true, you know.
I was just mad at you.
Yeah, whatever.
It was a dream.
And, Sam, oh, it's beautiful.
Thank you both.
Sam got what he asked for.
Happy birthday, Mom.
Another chance.
Happy birthday.
Every kid deserves another chance.
And the crimson clown gave him his,
with a little help from Mike.
That is a great story.
Yeah, what did you think, Tucker?
I'll do my own socks.
What are you doing?
You might need it.
I doubt it.
So, uh, we going out or what?
Well, like Gary said, what goes around comes around.
It's a real hot offer.
But I just think you need to cool off.
Can I walk you home?
Sure.
Tonight, opposites attract as very, very Nick at Night
brings together four unlikely couples,
in very, very unlikely couples.
Four classic episodes of the Mary Tyler Moore Show
that prove that love is often blind.
Stay tuned for very, very unlikely couples,
next only on Nick at Night.
Time flies when you snick.
That's all for tonight.
But Nick snicks again next week.
It'll be snicker-ific, snick-tastic, snick-tacky.
It'll be snick.
So make sure you're here every Saturday night,
when your clock strikes, snick.
Nickelodeons planning to make a new show.
But we won't be able to.
Without you, because you are going to write it.
You are going to draw it.